it's the sound of productivity and it's
catching on in a wide range of
industries around the globe as companies
face the growing demand for high-quality
products greater efficiency and improve
productivity they're turning to advanced
technology systems which offer viable
solutions in a demonstration room at
universal laser systems Scottsdale
Arizona facility lasers are processing
away they're cutting marking imaging and
engraving all sorts of materials from
plastic metal wood and glass to stone
ceramic textiles rubber and acrylic
they're even capable of in grading items
like the iPad imagine a printer that can
print on materials beyond paper
companies can now introduce exciting
creative and new product concepts with
an intuitive easy-to-use product that
operates just as a printer over the
years laser engraving has been adopted
by many industries as a more efficient
and cost effective means of marking and
cutting today laser systems are used in
the sign making aerospace automotive
packaging and apparel industries for
many types of applications co2 laser
systems are commonly used to
personalized gift items the backs of
electronic devices such as cell phones
electronic devices such as laptops iPads
as well as internal components such as
thin films for touchscreens are
utilizing the cutting capabilities of
the co2 laser system founded in 1988
universal laser systems is a global
provider of co2 lasers and laser
processing systems businesses can simply
focus on the creative process our
intuitive database and integration with
PC graphics software truly creates an
intuitive multi-material printing
experience the company not only
manufactures a line of laser systems it
also manufactures proprietary laser
cartridges
used in its laser systems and so to OEMs
worldwide as a designer I've been
limited by the by what I've known to be
cost effective and practical now with
this technology I have the ability to
have endless possibilities I can create
anything from package design to complex
signage very easily and effectively
company officials say the laser systems
operate much like a traditional USB
printer only instead of putting ink on a
piece of paper the system's remove or
vaporize a wide range of materials with
a co2 laser our laser systems work just
like any common printer you would
install a printer driver use any
graphics software such as Adobe
Illustrator CorelDraw or AutoCAD and
then take that graphic design and print
it to the laser utilizing our printer
driver at that point the laser system
interprets that data and cuts and
engraves the graphic or object that you
want to do working with universal laser
systems in combination with Adobe
software is fantastic I've been a
graphic designer at Adobe for 25 years
and imaging on paper is where I started
but now i can take things into the third
dimension with a laser it's absolutely
fantastic and it combines so well with
adobe software and universal laser
systems laser technology offers
limitless opportunities for creative and
new product designs Universal laser
systems will continue our R&D investment
developing new markets and introducing
laser technology for the masses